# Markov Chain Generator

This mini-app will generate a Markov chain based on a twitter user's
tweet history and use it to create several "new" tweets in the style of
that user. Suggested inputs include @_FloridaMan and @realdonaldtrump,
as they have very distinctive styles that are easy for the Markov chain
to mimic.

## App Structure

### Command Line Interface

This mini-app is composed of several pieces. The main piece is the
Markov chain generator, held in `markov_chain.rb`. This piece, on its
own, will work as a CLI with the app's basic functionality. Usage
examples are below:

+ in `pry`:
  + `load 'markov_chain.rb'`
  + `floridaman2 = MarkovHash.from_twitter "_FloridaMan"`
    + will tell you "this may take a few seconds..." while it collects
    that user's tweets and uses them to build a Markov chain
  + `floridaman2.tweet`
    + will return a string generated by the above Markov chain

### Run the app locally

This mini-app can also be run as a locally-hosted Sinatra app, by
running `ruby server.rb` in the command line. By default, the app should
be available on port 4567 (in a browser at `localhost:4567`). Once
you've entered a twitter username into the appropriate input and
submitted that form, the app will let you generate tweets in the style
of that user at the click of a button!

### View the app on the internet

This mini-app is also viewable at https://markovtweeter.herokuapp.com,
where I will continue to tweak and update its functionality and styling.

## Dependencies

To run the CLI locally, you will need to have Ruby and the `twitter` gem
installed on your computer; to run the Sinatra app you will also need
the `sinatra` and `json` gems. Running `bundle install` should source
all of the dependencies for you using the enclosed Gemfile.
